---
source: https://docs.alpaca.markets/docs/brokerapi-trading
scraped_at_utc: 2026-01-27T04:30:48Z
---
Introduction
Welcome

About Alpaca

Alpaca API Platform

Authentication

SDKs and Tools

Additional Resources

BROKER API
About Broker API

Getting Started with Broker API

Credentials Management

Use Cases

Integration Setup with Alpaca

Broker API FAQs
Mandatory Corporate Actions

Voluntary Corporate Actions

FDIC Sweep Program

Instant Funding

Fully Paid Securities Lending

24/5 Trading

OmniSub

Fixed Income

Customer Account Opening
Accounts Statuses

International Accounts

Domestic (USA) Accounts

Data Validations

IRA Accounts Overview

Crypto Trading
Crypto Wallets API

Funding Accounts
Journals API

Funding Wallets

ACH Funding

Instant Funding

Trading

Portfolio Rebalancing

SSE Events
Account Status Events for KYCaaS

Daily Processes and Reconcilations
Banking Holiday Funding Processes

Statements and Confirms

Local Currency Trading (LCT)

Example Trading App (Ribbit)

Options Trading Overview

Fixed Income

Tokenization Guide for Issuer

Tokenization Guide for Authorized Participant

Custodial accounts

TRADING API
About Trading API

Getting Started with Trading API
Working with /account

Working with /assets

Working with /orders

Working with /positions

Paper Trading

Trading Account

Crypto Spot Trading
Crypto Orders

Crypto Pricing Data

Crypto Spot Trading Fees

Options Trading
Options Orders

Options Level 3 Trading

Non-Trade Activities for Option Events

Account Activities

Fractional Trading

Margin and Short Selling

Placing Orders

DMA Gateway / Advanced Order Types

User Protection

Websocket Streaming

Trading API FAQs
Position Average Entry Price Calculation

Regulatory Fees

Alpaca MCP Server

Market Data API
About Market Data API

Getting Started with Market Data API

Historical API
Historical Stock Data

Historical Crypto Data

Historical Option Data

Historical News Data

WebSocket Stream
Real-time Stock Data

Real-time Crypto Data

Real-time News

Real-time Option Data

Market Data FAQ

Connect API
About Connect API

Registering Your App

Using OAuth2 and Trading API

FIX API
About FIX API
FIX Specification

Trading
All the functionality from Alpaca Trading API for direct users is supported under Broker API. Please read the documentation for more details. There are additional capabilities for Trading API in the broker setup.

Fractional Shares
Under the correspondent authentication, Trading API is extended for fractional shares trading.

Asset API
Asset entity has an extra field named fractionable with type boolean, it is set to true if the asset is marked for fractional trading. Check out more about our Assets API here.

Order API
The
POST method (to submit order) has an extra parameter called
notional to denote the dollar amount to buy. This parameter is mutually exclusive to the qty parameter. You can also specify the
qty parameter with fractional quantity. Note that the fractional shares trading is currently supported only for day orders and any other type of orders will result in API error.

The order entity includes the
notional value if the order was submitted with the notional value. In this case, the order entity omits the
qty field.

Check out more about our Order API here.

Sample Order ObjectJSON

 {
 "id": "39c489ad-fcb1-42b3-9f62-e14c11c62157",
 "client_order_id": "a49c3e74-3f74-468e-a31a-f7a15de17128",
 "created_at": "2024-05-20T09:56:41.449735Z",
 "updated_at": "2024-05-20T13:30:00.876162Z",
 "submitted_at": "2024-05-20T13:23:01.24795Z",
 "filled_at": "2024-05-20T13:30:00.865454Z",
 "expired_at": null,
 "canceled_at": null,
 "failed_at": null,
 "replaced_at": null,
 "replaced_by": null,
 "replaces": null,
 "asset_id": "7595a8d2-68a6-46d7-910c-6b1958491f5c",
 "symbol": "A",
 "asset_class": "us_equity",
 "notional": null,
 "qty": "0.1",
 "filled_qty": "0.1",
 "filled_avg_price": "154.03",
 "order_class": "",
 "order_type": "market",
 "type": "market",
 "side": "sell",
 "time_in_force": "day",
 "limit_price": null,
 "stop_price": null,
 "status": "filled",
 "extended_hours": false,
 "legs": null,
 "trail_percent": null,
 "trail_price": null,
 "hwm": null,
 "commission": "0",
 "subtag": null,
 "source": "correspondent"
},
Order Properties
Attribute

Type

Description

id

string/UUID

Order ID generated by Alpaca

client_order_id

string/UUID

Client unique order ID

created_at

string/timestamp

Time when order was entered

updated_at

string/timestamp

Time of most recent change to the order

submitted_at

string/timestamp

Time the order was submitted for execution or, if not yet submitted the 
created_at time. Because orders are submitted for execution asynchronous to database updates, at times this may be before the 
created_at time.

filled_at

string/timestamp

Time the order was filled. Can be null if not filled

expired_at

string/timestamp

Can be null

cancelled_at

string/timestamp

Can be null

failed_at

string/timestamp

Can be null

replaced_at

string/timestamp

Can be null

replaced_by

string/UUID

The order ID that this order was replaced by. (Can be null)

replaces

string/UUID

The order ID that this order replaces. (Can be null)

asset_id

string/UUID

The asset ID

symbol

string

The asset symbol

asset_class

string

The asset class

notional

string/number

Ordered notional amount. If entered, qty will be null. Can take up to 2 decimal points.

qty

string/number

Ordered quantity. If entered, notional will be null. Can take up to 9 decimal points.

filled_qty

string/number

Filled quantity.

filled_avg_price

string/number

Filled average price. Can be 0 until order is processed in case order is passed outside of market hours.

order_class

string

Valid values: 
simple, 
bracket, 
oco or 
oto.

order_type

string/number

(Will be deprecated in favor of type field below) Valid values: market, limit, stop, stop_limit, trailing_stop

type

string

Valid values: 
market,
limit, 
stop, 
stop_limit, 
trailing_stop.

side

string

Valid values: 
buy and 
sell.

time_in_force

string

Please see the relevant section in Time in Force for more info on what values are possible for what kind of orders.

limit_price

string/number

Limit price.

stop_price

string/number

Stop price.

status

string

Order status. See Order statuses here.

extended_hours

boolean

If
true, eligible for execution outside regular trading hours.

legs

array

When querying non-simple order_class orders in a nested style, an array of Order entities associated with this order. Otherwise, null.

trail_percent

string/number

The percent value away from the high water mark for trailing stop orders.

trail_price

string/number

The dollar value away from the high water mark for trailing stop orders.

hwm

string/number

The highest (lowest) market price seen since the trailing stop order was submitted.

commission

string/number

The commission you want to charge the end user.

commission_type

string

Select how to interpret the value provided in the commission field.
Available options: notional(default), qty, bps.

subtag

string/number

An account identifier for Omnibus partners. (Can be null)

source

string

Source of order.

Account Configuration API
Account configuration API adds another configuration key called
fractional_trading and defaults to
true. If you want to disable fractional trading for a specific account for any reason, you can set this to
false.

Commissions
You have the option to charge the commission for each order. You will need to contact Alpaca first to set up the commission structure, but once it’s set up, you can submit customer orders with a
commission parameter indicating the dollar amount to charge. The respective field is attached in the order entity in the API response.

To charge commissions, first select desired method with
commission_type. Then specify the desired dollar amount or percentage in
commission field. Please note: On orders to sell if the commission input will be more than the principal of the transaction then the principal amount of the transaction (net of SEC REG and FINRA TAF fees) will be charged as commission and not the amount specified in the order. On all orders (regardless of commission type), the commission charged will be prorated on each execution if the order has multiple executions. For instance, if 10% of the order is filled on one execution then the commission on that execution will be 10% of the total commission.

notional:
Charge commission on a per order basis. When the
commission_type field is omitted from the order request, this is used as the default.

qty:
Charge commission on a per qty/contract basis, pro rated.

bps:
The percent commission you want to charge the end user on the order (expressed in bps). Alpaca will convert the order to a notional amount for purposes of calculating commission.

Order Sub-tagging (Omnibus)
If you are an omnibus setup, we ask you to submit a “sub-tag” value in each order. This is for us to understand the order flow better from the trade surveillance requirements. In case you fail to attach proper sub-tags, we may need to reject all of the order flows coming from you as we may not be able to segregate particular malicious activities.

FAQ
What should I do if I receive a timeout message from Alpaca when submitting an order?

The order may have been sent to the market for execution. You should not attempt to resend the order or mark the timed-out order as canceled until confirmed by Alpaca Support or the trading team. Before taking any action on the timed-out order you should check the broker dashboard and contact Alpaca support.
Please contact our Support Team at [email protected] to verify if the order was successfully submitted and routed to the market.

Updated4 days ago
Instant FundingPortfolio RebalancingAsk AI
